[consumer] Ignore Seek() timeout (#906)
confluentinc/confluent-kafka-go: CHANGELOG.md

   consumer (Consumer `Events()`) are deprecated.
 * Added `IsTimeout()` on Error type. This is a convenience method that checks
   if the error is due to a timeout.

>  * The timeout parameter on `Seek()` is ignored and an infinite timeout is used,
>    and the method blocks till fetcher state is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The timeout parameter on `Seek()` is now ignored and an infinite timeout is used,
   the method will block until the fetcher state is updated (typically within microseconds).
```
